[FEAT] Improve tags support (#407)
artis3n/ansible-role-tailscale: README.md

Skip [manual device approval](https://tailscale.com/kb/1099/device-approval), if `true`.

### tailscale_tags

**Default**: `[]`

> This tags used with `--advertise-tags` cli paramenter, when tailscale registers in tailnet.
> Tags are required for OAuth clients managing devices (`tailscale_authkey` OAuth key).

Reviewer: A rewrite, and adding information on how users should format input:

```suggestion
Apply supplied tags to the Tailscale nodes configured by this role (via the `--advertise-tags` flag to `tailscale up`).
For more information, see [What are tags?](https://tailscale.com/kb/1068/acl-tags?q=acl%20tag#what-are-acl-tags)

> [!NOTE]
> Tags are required for OAuth clients (`tailscale_authkey` OAuth key).

Entries should not include `tag:`.
For example, `tailscale_args: ['worker']` translates to `--advertise-tags=tag:worker`.
```

> Use the `tailscale_authkey` variable instead.
>
> **If authenticating with an OAuth key, do not use this for `--advertise-tags`.**

> > Use the `tailscale_tags` variable instead.

Reviewer: We can replace this entirely with:

```markdown
> **Do not use this for `--advertise-tags`.**
> Use the `tailscale_tags` variable instead.
```
